Improve the performance of  `CompositeMap` plotting (#7948)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7948.feature.rst

> Now `sunpy.map.CompositeMap.plot` will use `matplotlib.pyplot.imshow` to plot image if maps axes matches with projected axes else it will use `matplotlib.pyplot.pcolormesh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`sunpy.map.CompositeMap.plot` will now skip autoaligning an overplotted map image if that map's WCS matches the WCS of the figure axes.
This significantly improves performance when the maps being composited have already been reprojected onto a common WCS.
```
